OCPBUGS-41971-ent17: Returned the Ingress capability doca (#84252)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/insights-operator.adoc

ifdef::cluster-caps[= Insights capability]

ifdef::operator-ref[]
[NOTE]
====

> The Insights Operator is an optional cluster capability that can be disabled by cluster administrators during installation. For more information about optional cluster capabilities, see "Cluster capabilities" in _Installing_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Insights Operator is an optional cluster capability that cluster administrators can disable during installation. For more information about optional cluster capabilities, see "Cluster capabilities" in _Installing_.
```
Consider adding a link to the "Cluster capabilities" section in the "Additional resources" subsection.
